Add new rule `simple-modifiers` (#2887)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/simple-modifiers.md

# simple-modifiers

> This rule strongly advises against using the `{{modifier}}` helper with its first argument being either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule strongly advises against passing complex statements or conditionals to the first argument of the `{{modifier}}` helper. Instead, it recommends using the `{{modifier}}` helper with its first argument being either:
```

- a string literal (.e.g. `{{modifier "tracking-interaction"}}`)

> - a variable in the template's JS backing class context (e.g. `{{modifier this.trackingInteraction}}`)

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't there be two invalid test cases, one for each of these?

Reviewer: These are the valid use cases - agree that the wording doesn't seem quite right here.

Author: I've updated the wording with your suggestion, @lin-ll.

@bmish these are correct cases. I've updated the wording above to reflect that.

> A common misuse of this rule is to apply the modifier conditionally `{{(modifier (unless this.hasBeenClicked "track-interaction") "click" customizeData=this.customizeClickData)}}`, which technically is not wrong, since the helper `modifier` simply ignores `null` and `undefined`, producing a no-op modifier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A common issue this rule will catch is declaring the modifier's name conditionally like `{{(modifier (unless this.hasBeenClicked "track-interaction") "click" customizeData=this.customizeClickData)}}`. This is technically correct since the helper `modifier` simply ignores `null` and `undefined` values producing a no-op modifier but it is confusing. Ideally the we should instead do `{{(unless this.hasBeenClicked (modifier "track-interaction" "click" customizeData=this.customizeClickData))}}` where it's clear the modifier will not get called.
```

Trying to make it easier to understand the motivation here ^
